## Lables and Selectors
- Lables and selectors are standard method to group thing together.
- A user can filter based on the kind, class based on criteria.
-  Lables are properties attached to each other.
- Selector help you filter the properties.
- 
How Lable and selectors uessd in Kubernetes
- OVer a period of time you might have thouand of object in your cluters:
    - To find a way to filter and view the different objects by different catagorie.
    - Group objects by the their type
    - View object by application or
    - View by their functionality
Whatever it may be you can group and select object using lables and seclector.

### Lables
- For each object attach lables a per your needs like app, function.
- While selecting specify the condition to filter specific object.
- The pod definition file, under the metadata add the lables in a key-value format.

#### Select the Pod

- Once the pod is created to select the pod with the lables use the kubectl get pods along with the selector option ```kubectl get pods --selector app=App1```

#### ReplicaSet
- To create a Replica Set consisting of three different pods, we first label the pod definition and use selector in a Replica Set to group the pods.

- Avoid Misatake
    - The lables defined under the template section are the lables configured on the pods.
    - The Lables you see at the top(under metadata) are the lables of the replicaset itself.
    - In order to connect the Replica Set to the pod, we configure the selector field under the Replica Set specification to match the lables defined on the pod.

#### Service
- When a service is created it uses the selector defined in the service definition file to match the lable set on the pods.

#### Annotations
- Annotations are used to record other details for informatory purpose.
- For example, tool details like name, version, build information, etc. or contact details, phone numbers, email IDs, etc. that may be used for some kind of integration purpose.